docs: Add SAML service provider with entity id and acs url (#36467)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/idps/saml-guide.mdx

- (!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)
- If you're new to SAML, consider reviewing our [SAML Identity Provider
  Reference](./saml-reference.mdx) before proceeding.

> - User with permission to create Service Provider resource. The preset `editor` role has this permission.

Reviewer: We should explain what a Service Provide resource is

Author: The glossary for SAML IdP is published on this page https://goteleport.com/docs/access-controls/idps/saml-reference/, which also covers service provider, and the reference page is linked just before this line.

> - Test SAML application, also known as SAML Service Provider (SP). For this guide, we'll be using

Reviewer: What does "also known as SAML Service Provider (SP)" mean here? Does this rename "Test SAML application"?

Author: Not really, but I updated this line so to avoid such confusion:
`SAML application (also known as a SAML service provider or SP) for testing. For this guide, we'll be using
[samltest.id](https://samltest.id/) as a service provider for Teleport's SAML IdP.`

[samltest.id](https://samltest.id/) to create a test consumer of Teleport's SAML IdP.

> ## Step 1/3. Add samltest.id Service Provider to Teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1/3. Add a Service Provider to Teleport
```
Using more general headings so users can create a mental model of the flow. Otherwise, I think this is too specific to the example we're using.

Author: Totally. I borrowed the copy from existing page but I felt the same way. updated this and your other suggestions in https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/36467/commits/7193225bab9b229e414415717a268093a129f76f

The minimum configuration values required to add a Service Provider are:
1. **Entity ID:** The SAML metadata endpoint of the Service Provider.
2. **ACS URL:** The endpoint where users will be redirected after SAML authentication. ACS URL
is also referred to as SAML SSO URL.

The following `saml_idp_service_provider` spec is a reference for adding samltest.id to Teleport:
```yaml
kind: saml_idp_service_provider
metadata:

>   # The friendly name of the service provider. This is used to manage the

Reviewer: We should capitalize "Service Provider" consistently. Using lowercase everywhere probably makes more sense, since this is a general computing term rather than a Teleport product.

- (!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)
- If you're new to SAML, consider reviewing our [SAML Identity Provider
  Reference](./saml-reference.mdx) before proceeding.

> - User with preset `editor` role. We recommend creating a dedicated role to manage

Reviewer 2: This point is a little bit confusing to me. We list the preset editor role as a perquisite (which means you must have it in order to continue), but then we immediately say "we recommend creating a dedicated role [and not using the preset]".

Can we be more explicit as to what we recommend?

Author: Move the role creation block to the end of the guide https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/36467/commits/20806d4d4e6d30df09e5ec9f756d329f988623b7

This should address your concern here and below.

Service Provider.

  <Admonition type="tip" title="Recommended">

>   <Details title="Create SAML IdP Service Provider role" closed>

Reviewer 2: Not sure what others thought are, but I've always preferred information-dense text as opposed to fancy UI controls or other "noise" on the page. Putting a collapsible box inside an admonition feels like a lot of cognitive load. Can we simplify?

  First, ensure you are logged into Teleport as a user that has permissions
  to read and modify `saml_idp_service_provider` objects. The default `editor` role
  has access to this already, but in case you are using a more customized configuration,
  create a role called `sp-manager.yaml` with the following contents:

  ```yaml
  kind: role
  metadata:
    name: sp-manager
  spec:
    allow:
      rules:
      - resources:
        - saml_idp_service_provider
        verbs:
        - list
        - create
        - read
        - update
        - delete
  version: v7
  ```

  Create the role with `tctl`:

  ```code
  $ tctl create sp-manager.yaml
  role 'saml-idp-service-provider-manager' has been created
  ```

  Add the role to your user. Replace `teleport-admin` with your user name:

  ```code
  $ tctl users update --set-roles $(tctl get users/<Var name="teleport-admin"/> --format=json | \
  jq -r '.[].spec.roles | join(",")'), sp-manager <Var name="teleport-admin"/>
  User teleport-admin has been updated:
    New roles: auditor,editor,access,sp-manager
  ```
  </Details>
  </Admonition>

> - Test SAML application, also known as SAML Service Provider (SP). For this guide, we'll be using 

Reviewer 2: This is also a bit tricky. This bullet actually corresponds to the list above, where the previous list item is 30 lines away. Can you think of ways to restructure this so we don't break the user's context? By the time I got to this point I forgot that I was still reading preqrequisites.

Author: Hmmm, I get your concern, I assume that is the case while reading directly from the `mdx` file and not through rendered page?  Though the block above is now moved to end (https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/36467/commits/20806d4d4e6d30df09e5ec9f756d329f988623b7) so should address your concern here.

$ tctl create saml-sp.yaml
# SAML IdP service provider 'samltest-id' has been created.
```
</Details>

<Admonition type="important">
If an entity descrpitor is provided, it's content takes preference over values provided in `entity_id` and `acs_url`.

Teleport only tries to fetch or generate entity descriptor when Service Provider is created for the first time.
Subsequent updates require an entity descrpitor to be present in the Service Provider spec. As such, when updating
Service Provider, you should first fetch the spec that is stored in Teleport and only then edit the configruation.
```code
# get service provider spec
$ tctl get saml_idp_service_provider/<service provider name> > service-provider.yml
```
</Admonition>

> ## Step 2/3. Configure samltest.id to recognize Teleport's SAML IdP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2/3. Configure the Service Provider to recognize Teleport's SAML IdP
```

SSO, navigate to `https://<proxy-address>/enterprise/saml-idp/login/samltest-id`,
where `samltest-id` is the friendly name of the service provider object created earlier.
You should be redirected to the same successful login page seen earlier.

## Optional: Creating dedicated role to manage Service Provider

For production, we recommend creating a dedicated role to manage Service Provider.

> To create dedicated role, first, ensure you are logged into Teleport as a user that has

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To create a dedicated role, first, ensure you are logged into Teleport as a user that has
```

permissions to read and modify `saml_idp_service_provider` objects. The default `editor` role
has access to this already, but in case you are using a more customized configuration,
create a role called `sp-manager.yaml` with the following contents:

```yaml
kind: role
metadata:
  name: sp-manager
spec:
  allow:
    rules:
    - resources:
      - saml_idp_service_provider
      verbs:
      - list
      - create
      - read
      - update
      - delete
version: v7
```

Create the role with `tctl`:

```code
$ tctl create sp-manager.yaml
role 'saml-idp-service-provider-manager' has been created
```

Add the role to your user. Replace `teleport-admin` with your user name:

```code
$ tctl users update --set-roles $(tctl get users/<Var name="teleport-admin"/> --format=json | \
jq -r '.[].spec.roles | join(",")'), sp-manager <Var name="teleport-admin"/>
User teleport-admin has been updated:
  New roles: auditor,editor,access,sp-manager

> ```

Reviewer 4: This only works with local users, consider referencing docs/pages/inclues/add-role-to-user.mdx

Author: Thanks for that. I didn't figure we have that in includes. Updated in https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/pull/36467/commits/946f3ed6d5c1c5779f9bafc12252e6c208a29dc6 along with your other suggestions above.
